models/weapons/c_models/c_sledgehammer/c_sledgehammer.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_sledgehammer/c_sledgehammer.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_paintrain/c_paintrain.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_paintrain/c_paintrain.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_spikewrench/c_spikewrench.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_spikewrench/c_spikewrench.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_chocolate/c_chocolate.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_chocolate/c_chocolate.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_ttg_max_gun/c_ttg_max_gun.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_ttg_max_gun/c_ttg_max_gun.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_ttg_sam_gun/c_ttg_sam_gun.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_ttg_sam_gun/c_ttg_sam_gun.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_wood_machete/c_wood_machete.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_wood_machete/c_wood_machete.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_uberneedle/c_uberneedle.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_uberneedle/c_uberneedle.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_letranger/c_letranger.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_letranger/c_letranger.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_eternal_reward/c_eternal_reward.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_eternal_reward/c_eternal_reward.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_battalion_bugle/c_battalion_bugle.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_battalion_bugle/c_battalion_bugle.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_dartgun.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_sydney_sleeper/c_sydney_sleeper.mdl
models/player/items/sniper/croc_shield.mdl models/workshop/player/items/sniper/croc_shield/croc_shield.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_croc_knife/c_croc_knife.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_croc_knife/c_croc_knife.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_ttg_max_gun/c_ttg_max_gun.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_ttg_max_gun/c_ttg_max_gun.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_iron_curtain/c_iron_curtain.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_iron_curtain/c_iron_curtain.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_caber/c_caber.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_caber/c_caber.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_bear_claw/c_bear_claw.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_bear_claw/c_bear_claw.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_buffalo_steak/c_buffalo_steak.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_buffalo_steak/c_buffalo_steak.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_candy_cane/c_candy_cane.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_candy_cane/c_candy_cane.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_boston_basher/c_boston_basher.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_boston_basher/c_boston_basher.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_fists_of_steel/c_fists_of_steel.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_fists_of_steel/c_fists_of_steel.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_rift_fire_axe/c_rift_fire_axe.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_rift_fire_axe/c_rift_fire_axe.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_rift_fire_mace/c_rift_fire_mace.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_rift_fire_mace/c_rift_fire_mace.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_shogun_warhorn/c_shogun_warhorn.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_shogun_warhorn/c_shogun_warhorn.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_shogun_warfan/c_shogun_warfan.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_shogun_warfan/c_shogun_warfan.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_shogun_kunai/c_shogun_kunai.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_shogun_kunai/c_shogun_kunai.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/heavy_shogun_topknot.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/heavy_shogun_topknot/heavy_shogun_topknot.mdl
models/player/items/demo/demo_shogun_kabuto.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/demo/demo_shogun_kabuto/demo_shogun_kabuto.mdl
models/player/items/spy/shogun_ninjamask.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/spy/shogun_ninjamask/shogun_ninjamask.mdl
models/player/items/medic/shogun_geishahair.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/medic/shogun_geishahair/shogun_geishahair.mdl
models/player/items/demo/demo_booties.mdl models/workshop/player/items/demo/demo_booties/demo_booties.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_persian_shield/c_persian_shield.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_persian_shield/c_persian_shield.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_liberty_launcher/c_liberty_launcher.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_liberty_launcher/c_liberty_launcher.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_market_gardener/c_market_gardener.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_market_gardener/c_market_gardener.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_eviction_notice/c_eviction_notice.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_eviction_notice/c_eviction_notice.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_fishcake/c_fishcake.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_fishcake/c_fishcake.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_cowmangler/c_drg_cowmangler.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_cowmangler/c_drg_cowmangler.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_righteousbison/c_drg_righteousbison.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_righteousbison/c_drg_righteousbison.mdl
models/player/items/soldier/tankerboots.mdl models/workshop/player/items/soldier/mantreads/mantreads.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_bonk_bat/c_bonk_bat.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_bonk_bat/c_bonk_bat.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_scout_sword/c_scout_sword.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_scout_sword/c_scout_sword.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_mailbox/c_mailbox.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_mailbox/c_mailbox.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_snub_nose/c_snub_nose.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_snub_nose/c_snub_nose.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_switchblade/c_switchblade.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_switchblade/c_switchblade.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_rfa_hammer/c_rfa_hammer.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_rfa_hammer/c_rfa_hammer.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_picket/c_picket.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_picket/c_picket.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_golfclub/c_golfclub.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_golfclub/c_golfclub.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_bet_rocketlauncher/c_bet_rocketlauncher.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_bet_rocketlauncher/c_bet_rocketlauncher.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/skyrim_helmet.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/skyrim_helmet/skyrim_helmet.mdl
models/player/items/sniper/c_bet_brinkhood.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/c_bet_brinkhood/c_bet_brinkhood.mdl
models/player/items/engineer/bet_pb.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/bet_pb/bet_pb.mdl
models/player/items/engineer/bet_wingstick.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/bet_wingstick/bet_wingstick.mdl
models/player/items/all_class/dex_belltower_spy.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/spy/dex_belltower/dex_belltower.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/dex_sarifarm.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/dex_sarifarm/dex_sarifarm.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_dex_revolver/c_dex_revolver.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_dex_revolver/c_dex_revolver.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_dex_shotgun/c_dex_shotgun.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_dex_shotgun/c_dex_shotgun.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_dex_arm/c_dex_arm.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_dex_arm/c_dex_arm.mdl
models/player/items/scout/fm2012_cleats.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/fm2012_cleats/fm2012_cleats.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_unarmed_combat/c_unarmed_combat.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_unarmed_combat/c_unarmed_combat.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_voodoo_pin/c_voodoo_pin.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_voodoo_pin/c_voodoo_pin.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_sr3_punch/c_sr3_punch.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_sr3_punch/c_sr3_punch.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_pomson/c_drg_pomson.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_pomson/c_drg_pomson.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_wrenchmotron/c_drg_wrenchmotron.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_wrenchmotron/c_drg_wrenchmotron.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_thirddegree/c_drg_thirddegree.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_thirddegree/c_drg_thirddegree.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_phlogistinator/c_drg_phlogistinator.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_phlogistinator/c_drg_phlogistinator.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_drg_manmelter/c_drg_manmelter.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_drg_manmelter/c_drg_manmelter.mdl
models/player/items/demo/pegleg.mdl models/workshop/player/items/demo/pegleg/pegleg.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_scotland_shard/c_scotland_shard.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_scotland_shard/c_scotland_shard.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_acr_hookblade/c_acr_hookblade.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_acr_hookblade/c_acr_hookblade.mdl
models/player/items/sniper/xms_sniper_commandobackpack.mdl models/workshop/player/items/sniper/xms_sniper_commandobackpack/xms_sniper_commandobackpack.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_xms_giftwrap/c_xms_giftwrap.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_xms_giftwrap/c_xms_giftwrap.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_xms_gloves/c_xms_gloves.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_xms_gloves/c_xms_gloves.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_ava_roseknife/c_ava_roseknife_v.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_ava_roseknife/c_ava_roseknife.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_dumpster_device/c_dumpster_device.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_dumpster_device/c_dumpster_device.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_pro_smg/c_pro_smg.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_pro_smg/c_pro_smg.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_pro_rifle/c_pro_rifle.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_pro_rifle/c_pro_rifle.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_pep_scattergun.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_pep_scattergun/c_pep_scattergun.mdl
models/player/items/demo/hero_academy_demo.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/demo/hero_academy_demo/hero_academy_demo.mdl
models/player/items/pyro/hero_academy_pyro.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/hero_academy_pyro/hero_academy_pyro.mdl
models/player/items/scout/hero_academy_scout.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/hero_academy_scout/hero_academy_scout.mdl
models/player/items/spy/hero_academy_spy.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/spy/hero_academy_spy/hero_academy_spy.mdl
models/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy_belt.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy/scout_henchboy_belt.mdl
models/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy_hat.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy/scout_henchboy_hat.mdl
models/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy_wings.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy/scout_henchboy_wings.mdl
models/player/items/spy/spy_dishonored.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/spy/spy_dishonored/spy_dishonored.mdl
models/player/items/all_class/dishonored_badge.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/dishonored_badge/dishonored_badge.mdl
models/player/items/demo/tw_kingcape.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/demo/tw_kingcape/tw_kingcape.mdl
models/player/items/sniper/tw_shako.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/tw_shako/tw_shako.mdl
models/player/items/medic/tw_coat_medic_necktie.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/medic/tw_coat/tw_coat_medic_necktie.mdl
models/player/items/spy/tw_coat_spy_necktie.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/spy/tw_coat/tw_coat_spy_necktie.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_tw_eagle/c_tw_eagle.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_tw_eagle/c_tw_eagle.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_skullbat/c_skullbat.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_skullbat/c_skullbat.mdl
models/player/items/all_class/hm_badge.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_badge/hm_badge.mdl
models/player/items/soldier/hm_cap.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/soldier/hm_cap/hm_cap.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/hm_shirt.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/hm_shirt/hm_shirt.mdl
models/weapons/v_models/v_hm_watch/v_hm_watch.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/v_models/v_hm_watch/v_hm_watch.mdl
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks_hat_hair.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks/pyro_rocks_hat_hair.mdl
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks_mask.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks/pyro_rocks_mask.mdl
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks_spikes.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks/pyro_rocks_spikes.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/heavy_hockeyhair.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/heavy_hockeyhair/heavy_hockeyhair.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/heavy_carl_hair.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/heavy_carl_hair/heavy_carl_hair.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/heavy_carl_flops.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/heavy_carl_flops/heavy_carl_flops.mdl
models/player/items/heavy/heavy_carl_medallion.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/heavy/heavy_carl_medallion_shirt/heavy_carl_medallion_shirt.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_medigun_defense/c_medigun_defense.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_medigun_defense/c_medigun_defense.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_holymackerel_xmas.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_holymackerel/c_holymackerel_xmas.mdl
models/player/items/engineer/cave_bear.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/cave_bear/cave_bear.mdl
models/player/items/engineer/cave_beard.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/cave_beard/cave_beard.mdl
models/player/items/engineer/cave_hat.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/cave_hat/cave_hat.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_ham/c_ham.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_ham/c_ham.mdl
models/player/items/pyro/as_pyro_cleansuit.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/as_pyro_cleansuit/as_pyro_cleansuit.mdl
models/player/items/medic/as_medic_cloud_hat.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/medic/as_medic_cloud_hat/as_medic_cloud_hat.mdl
models/player/items/scout/as_scout_cleansuit_hood.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/as_scout_cleansuit_hood/as_scout_cleansuit_hood.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_crusaders_crossbow/c_crusaders_crossbow_xmas.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_crusaders_crossbow/c_crusaders_crossbow_xmas.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_blackbox/c_blackbox_xmas.mdl models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_blackbox/c_blackbox_xmas.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/c_bow/c_bow_thief.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_bow_thief/c_bow_thief.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/thief_soldier_helmet/thief_soldier_helmet.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/soldier/thief_soldier_helmet/thief_soldier_helmet.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/thief_sniper_cape/thief_sniper_cape.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/thief_sniper_cape/thief_sniper_cape.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/thief_sniper_hood/thief_sniper_hood.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/thief_sniper_hood/thief_sniper_hood.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/thief_badge/thief_badge_demo.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/thief_badge/thief_badge_demo.mdl
models/player/items/crafting/cosmetic_case.mdl models/player/items/crafting/cosmetic_case_ribbon.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/tw2_cheetah_head/tw2_cheetah_head.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tw2_cheetah_head/tw2_cheetah_head.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/tw2_cheetah_robe/tw2_cheetah_robe.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tw2_cheetah_robe/tw2_cheetah_robe.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/demo/tw2_demo_pants/tw2_demo_pants.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/demo/tw2_demo_pants/tw2_demo_pants.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/tw2_greek_armor/tw2_greek_armor.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/tw2_greek_armor/tw2_greek_armor.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/tw2_greek_helm/tw2_greek_helm.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/tw2_greek_helm/tw2_greek_helm.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/demo/tw2_demo_hood/tw2_demo_hood.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/demo/tw2_demo_hood/tw2_demo_hood.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/ai_body/ai_body.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/ai_body/ai_body.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/ai_head/ai_head.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/ai_head/ai_head.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/ai_legs/ai_legs.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/ai_legs/ai_legs.mdl
models/workshop/weapons/c_models/c_ai_flamethrower/c_ai_flamethrower.mdl models/workshop_partner/weapons/c_models/c_ai_flamethrower/c_ai_flamethrower.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/tr_bootenkhamuns/tr_bootenkhamuns.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tr_bootenkhamuns/tr_bootenkhamuns.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/tr_jungle_booty/tr_jungle_booty_heavy.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tr_jungle_booty/tr_jungle_booty_heavy.mdl
models/workshop/player/items/scout/tr_orions_belt/tr_orions_belt.mdl models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tr_orions_belt/tr_orions_belt.mdl
